Help me welcome from Jersey City New Jersey. Nick nawaki, what is up, everybody? Thank you so much rancel And Melissa for that introduction. Really, really appreciate that. Want to welcome all of the new IBOs that just got launched in business, and all of the IBOs who made it another commitment to continue to build their business. So anyway, we're gonna, I'm gonna get right into it. It's a beautiful, rainy day here in Jersey City, New Jersey. And you know, from wherever you're at, whether it be in Florida, Georgia, California, Dominic Republic, Haiti, doesn't really matter where you're at, either way. I'm excited that you decided to join in in at this meeting. And some of you guys might be hearing this actually, at a as a talk, either audio or video, but I'm glad that you're able to join me. I'm going to be speaking to you for about 3035, minutes something that's near and dear my heart. I really do want to have a conversation with you, specifically with the new IBOs, but this is actually something I even think that a lot of the veterans who've been in the business more than 90 days, 180 days, one year, two years, doesn't really matter. I think it's something that you definitely need to hear yourself. Now we're here in zoom. I'm in my house, so you may hear my amazing two year old son, Jason Abraham, running around in the back. He's like, he's he, it's like, Hamilton. He always wants to be in the room where it happens, and whenever I'm having a busy meeting, he always wants to have a conversation with y'all as well. So you might hear him. My nephew is actually in the house right now. He's playing Call of Duty, literally, maybe seven feet away from me. I'm sure he will do his best to be quiet right now and but you never know what happens. It just, you know, some things blur out somehow, some way. So anyway, I'm sure you know exactly who I am. But for formality six, my name is Nick nawoky. My upline. I'm proud to be downline from in EDC can conquer and see me about Acharya and upline to them are Triple Diamond Shivram and energy Kumar. We're part of the worldwide system, and I'm very, very proud to be affiliated with worldwide. You know, I got started in business as a 19 year old college student with no business background. My father left when I was six years old. I had no I have no old I'm an only child. I had an amazing single mother named lose Alba Rossi, who raised me since I was seven years old, did everything that she could to be my mother and father during Father's Day, actually told her Happy Father's Day, because she was both about my mother and father figure. But I never really had, like, a really serious male role in my life, and I thank God every single day for this amazing Amway business and worldwide and we equipped me with the opportunity to be in business for myself. You know, I didn't get started in business to become a better man. I didn't get started in business to to be a better son, to be a better father, to overall, I just wanted to make some serious money. But one of the serendipities that I got from building this business, really was that I'm very, very proud of the fact that, because of worldwide, I'm an overall better human being and a better man. So you know, as a new IBO, I need to, I need to welcome you, and as an IBO in general, I need to welcome you, and I want to talk to you about what we do, who we are and where we're going and the role that you play. You know in that, I think it's important to note that this is an incredibly simple business model. I really believe, obviously, it's my passion, it's my calling, it's my career, it's everything that's my life purpose. I believe that we are involved in the best business you can possibly even imagine. I don't think I've been in business for since June 2009 as of cutting this talk, it's July 2, 2021, and in my decade and some change of building this business, I've been, I've seen, I've been around the block. I've seen lots of other multi level marketing companies, other network marketing companies. I've seen other systems. I've seen a lot of things in my my time building this business. I've also seen other business opportunities outside traditional, conventional and not so conventional. And I don't think they even shake. In my opinion, they don't even shake a stick to the Amway sales and marketing plan. It is by far the most simple business model. Let's, take a look at it from the most simple, basic, just a very simple angle. What we do to become successful in Amway is, all we do is we market their products and services. We market their goods through our specific website. Obviously, we consume our own products because to have clients and customers, we believe that we should be our number one best customer. It's very difficult to talk about the product when you don't use the product, and we find out that the best way to market the product is actually by consuming it and using your own personal testimonies. I could talk to you about weight loss because I use the weight loss products. I could talk to you about the pre workout, the post workout, on the protein because I consumed those. I can talk to you about the vitamins because I'm an avid vitamin users since I was 19 years old. It's been decade of using double x. It's been a decade of using lean muscle. It's been a decade of I love anything that's neutralized. So listen, we use the products for the sole purpose of actually being able to talk about and market the products and services to our clients and customers. Now also we get compensated, granted that you. Have a specific type of business model and business structure. We get compensated for the business that our team also brings on board. So yeah, we market the products and services ourselves, and we also build a team of people that also market the products and services themselves. And we get small percentages, and those small percentages can yield this pretty lump sum, B W W, what does b, w, w do worldwide? Their role is just to educate us and also educate our downline. It's as simple as that. We use the products we market, the products we teach people and we educate ourselves and others. But I love what I do, and I'll do this to the day I die because of everything that the Amway business does stand for, and everything that the business Amway business has done in my life, my wife's life, our family's lives, and even the lives of the people that are part of my team and a part of our network. This is a business of people helping people, just by design. It's a business of people helping people. There is no possible way that you can lie, cheat and steal from your downline your success is your downline success, and honestly, your downline success is also your success. You can become successful here by uplifting people, by adding value into people's lives. I mean, I think about this. My mentor kunkin taught me that, Nick, you want to be a leader, you have to build up your leadership. So I literally dedicated my nights to building up my leadership. I listened to BW audios and BW talks and books that worldwide recommended for me as a 19 year old. I mean, who the heck am I going to lead as a 19 year old who barely even knew, you know, let's not even get it to that point is I was not a fit to lead 1000 people. I was not fit to lead 100 people. I was barely even fit to lead my household. So I had to. I chased leadership. I chased my mind. I chased that so I could build myself up. And I found that the ultimate leader, the ultimate type of leadership, is actually servant leadership. I mean, you can take a look at all of the greats in the past and even some spiritual leaders. I'm not going to get into a religious talk here, but you know, I'm a Christian by choice, and we have lots of Muslims, and we have Buddhists in our team, and we have Jews in our team and Hindus on our team. The greatest leaders are actually the greatest servers, and I found that the only way that you can be a great leader yourself is to dedicate your life to being a servant towards others. We help IBOs hit goals that set by them. And whatever that may be, it could be an IBO who just wants to get started in a business and they just want to just want to make a couple $100 retailing. They have a special place in our organization. We have other IBOs who just want to make $200 a month and pay off a card note. They have a place in our organization. We have IBOs who want to make $1,000 $1,500 a month. And obviously that takes work, and they're gonna it's not gonna happen overnight. Our job is to meet people where they're at and to help them hit goals, whatever they may be. And when you and Kirk had said, You know what, build your leadership and listen in this business, the only way you can get anything you want in life is to help everyone around you get whatever they want in their life, no matter how small or no matter how big. And that's exactly what this business really is all about. It's a business of people helping other people. So I think about this, and that's why I want to build this business to the day I die. You know, I had a prospect that I was taking through a education process so that they can understand exactly what it is that we do. And, you know, because a lot there might be some misconceptions that some folks even get started in the Amway business, not fully understanding and valuing really what it is that we do. So I was, I was properly educating them. And this prospect asked me a question that got me thinking a little basis. Nick, do you ever see yourself doing anything else other than the Amway business? And I, you know, for Park matters, I do. I do, do a lot of different other things, you know? I I enjoy Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I enjoy going to sports. I love traveling, and always have different things. And he's, oh, yeah, I know. But do you see yourself making money any other way? And I was thinking to myself, yeah, why not? You know, diversify my income. Have income streams from different locations and everything, but I don't see myself ever making another opportunity being the heart of who I am, the artery, the main artery that's there, like other opportunities, will stem from the income that I generate here. But I just love everything about the Amway business. And if there's one way, if I already gonna put in my will, that in my casket, if you could just do me a big favor, I need my brick diamond ring in my hand, and I need a marker. I need to hold that as. Eyes you put my coffin, I'm probably smiling, and I'm passing away with a my brick diamond ring and a mark on my hand. Because I don't know how to explain how much I absolutely love this business. I continue to build it, and I want to build it as big as I possibly can, not even just for the money, don't get me wrong. But what's quite interesting is that I'm not building it for the money. You know where this organization is and where I'm going, and where my wife is going, and where the leadership that's a part of organizations going, and what we're sold out to is the is the cause, which is crazy, the cause of the business is supposed to be of making money, but we don't really find that to be the real cause of what we do. Our goal is to really make this world a better place. You know, I took a look at this business, and I look at just my household, how much better off our household is because of this business. I took it. Take a look at some more downline. We have emerald IBOs, Esme and Kusuma fair, to which who are emeralds. And they have an amazing organization. I take a look at the what the Amway business did for them and their family. We have another emerald couple named Andre and Crystal curry. I can't wait to hear their story. But you know, Andre and Crystal did not come from the most privileged of backgrounds, if you will. Andre came from the projects of Brooklyn, and crystal came from the product the interesting parts of Bronx, New York. And if it were not for the Amway business, they'll say that they don't know where their future would have lied. I think about not just them, those two couples, but how about their families and the kids that are watching them become successful. Another way that we're also going to be changing this world is we're going to be equipping as many people as many people as we possibly can and empowering them for getting started in business for themselves. I mean, do you know how powerful it is to sit down and say that a person can be in the United States of America and they can officially be in business for themselves? You know, I don't want to get political out here, but, you know, I can't help it. It's July 2. July 4 is right around the corner, and I don't know if you know the real reason for July 4. And it's not just for barbecues and hot dogs and to go to the beach and to see fireworks. Well, we'll take all of that, def Most definitely. But it's not just for that. You know, we had a group of individuals who thought that they should live freely and not under any government tyranny. And, you know, government control, that's why they fled, and that's why they fought. And now, you know, America was born, and I'm, obviously, I'm going to be fast forwarding, because I have a limited amount of time with you guys. It's, it's interesting, because why did they do that? They obviously didn't do that to become mediocre. We have a lot of folks. It's very interesting is that we have a lot of folks who swim across the ocean to come to United States of America. We have people who figure out going through borders, and more importantly, we even have people who have a whole legal process of going, getting their visa and doing this, and getting the documents and figuring out a way to come to United States of America. And yes, there's lots of reasons why. There's lots the freedom of speech, the freedom of religion, you know, the right to bear arms, and lots of other different things that are found in the Constitution. But I predominantly think that the real reason why is because of opportunity. You know, in lots of different other places, very easy to get a job. I mean, the overall lifestyle United States of America, bar none, is by far the best. I understand that too. But let's also take a look at a very unique situation that you can find. I feel best in the United States of America and a lot of different countries, very easy to get a job. It's not that serious, but it's very difficult to run an enterprise, you know, to start something from scratch, to build it up, and to build a business, like a big business, without some form of intervention. From, you know, again, I want to get political out here, but from the government and United States of America is designed for an ordinary individual to control their lives with no ceiling other than their own performance. And guess what that is, I feel we have it here with the Amway business. I mean, the Amway business has no discrimination. It doesn't matter your age. I mean, you have to be legally 18. It doesn't matter age. It doesn't matter your ethnicity. It doesn't matter if you're black, Latino, if you're white, if you're Indian, if you're Blasian, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if you're straight, if you're gay, if you're a high school dropout, if you're a P, double, triple, duple, ripple. PhD, we all get started with zero. PV, you gotta sell some products. You gotta use your products, and you gotta show the plan. It doesn't matter if you just graduated from Yale. It doesn't matter if you it doesn't matter anything. It is an equal opportunity for everybody to create unequal results in their life. I'll say that again, it is an equal opportunity for equal individuals to. Create unequal results in their lives, and we have the opportunity together as an organization, to make this world a better place by literally shining light in the darkest of areas in the world. We'll start off with our block. We'll start off with our neighborhoods. We'll start off with our cities, but I will tell you what we are, the beacon of hope to every individual out there in this world with the Amway business model. And I will even add to that, not only do we have the best business opportunity world, we have the best system to teach people how to build the best business in the world with worldwide. Now you're a new IBO, what role do you play? Or, heck, if you're a veteran, what role do you play? I just think there's, there's three major things you have to do. The first thing is, you have to be the best you you can be. It's very easy to take a look at some of the great you know some of these, Francisco and Carolina, who are rubies. We have mattre Being as as a sapphire. Darian, Shanice as rubies. We have a brand new Ruby in our team, Paul and juritza. See, the point of their existence is not to say, be me. The point of their existence is to show you that you're supposed to be the best you that you can be. So you whatever that is looks like for you. I don't know what it looks like for you. I'm not gonna sit here and paint a picture that you I feel you know internally what the best version of you is. Because why do we want you to be the best version of who you are? Is because if you're the best version of who you are, we know you'll attract more winners that are just like you, like attracts like. In this business, we have a saying that you do not launch IBOs in your team that are what you want, but you launch IBOs that are who you are. The second is you be a product of mentorship. You know. You're a part of our downline, you know, and I'll speak for myself and Stephanie here. And obviously, you're a part of a line of sponsorship in my organization, where we have some phenomenal leaders, but you represent us, where you walk around, whether you like it or not, you're you represent who we are. If you drop the message you shared a story. You're not just an Amway. You're not just in worldwide. Because if Amway were, if am were to reach out to you, they're gonna ask you, who's your upline and your response, you're my responsibility to a certain extent. You represent me. Be the product of mentorship that I could honestly be extremely proud of for you to be in my downline. Be a product of mentorship. Be the best you you can be. Add value in every area and every facet and all rooms that you possibly can be in. Be the best son, the best daughter, be the best brother, be the best sister, be the best husband, be the best wife. Be the best you that you possibly can be. Be a part of the mentorship. How change and shift your mindset to fit alongside, at least to the point where we can be a good guide, like a Northern Star in your life. You know, we have books that we recommend. Read them and just read them like they're, you know, Instagram scrolling, or read them like you're just, you know, reading some article online, like internalize and find ways to apply what you're learning when you read a chapter from How to Win Friends and Influence People, one of the top things that says the most important thing for a person is their name. Remembering their name. Remember people's names. When you shake someone hand, look them in the eyes, make sure that you command authority. Don't break their hand, but grasping, you know, with with firm belief and confidence, all of that is important. Why, when you read that from the book, like that, apply it and find ways to apply it. When you come to Association, you pick up mannerisms and and you pick up ways and talk point is just try to be a sponge and be a product of mentorship. And last, and I could probably say is the most important thing is, I feel that is an obligation to pay it forward to the next person. When you're blessed with something that's so good, it's like when I watch a movie, like, honestly, I just recently started getting back into Star Wars. Okay, I love it, and I want to talk about all the time, all the time. I want to talk about Star Wars, when I went to achievers and I went and had visited Orlando, Florida, okay, for the first time, because of ammo, I wanted to tell everybody how great achievers was. It took all my dog I could have stopped calling my downline, telling, oh my god, we just did this. Have you ever been so excited about something, appreciated, something appreciated, something so much you just want to share it with the world? That's how I feel about the Amway business. How do you play a role and what does what this team is doing is by growing and hitting your goal, but usually your goal is aligned with making sure that you pay this opportunity forward. I want to tell you, and you're gonna get hit with rejection. You know, they're gonna be people who will be perfect fit for what we do, and for whatever reason, they won't accept it, and that's okay. Don't worry about it. You're gonna have people might get in and they might quit, and that's okay. Don't worry about it. Heck, you might have people who want to get launched in business for whatever reason, and then, literally, the day they get in, they quit. It's okay, don't worry about it, because there is somebody right now I'm promising you, because I'm saying this from personal experience, because it was me, and I have a feeling it was you. Well, maybe you might not be exactly like this, but in a general ballpark, I recall asking God for an opportunity. I recall saying, I need an opportunity because my mom was a single mom. She went through a very serious illness, she had a minor stroke. We're taking out loans for me to go to college. We had this crazy mortgage. We I didn't know what I was going to do. I would have went to medical school, but I would have had to take out another 350 $400,000 just to get a dual MD PhD degree that I wanted. I wanted an opportunity. I want to control my life. I vividly remember an interning at Fred hunterson Cancer Research Center out in Seattle, Washington, and I'm on one of the top floors in the in the in the building and overlooked this lake. And there's literally in a little yacht, there's a guy tanning. It's 11 o'clock, 1011, o'clock in the morning on a weekday. I'm thinking myself, what is that guy doing tanning? Doesn't he have a job or something, and looking at what I was doing like, there has to be a better way. I remember asking, God, I just need an opportunity. I need people. I need I need a mentor. I need someone to guide me. And in walks like a guardian angel, Stephanie sponsor, which led to a whole bunch of people, which led to conquest. You mean about Acharya? There's somebody right now I'm promising you that is on their knees praying for opportunity, and they're gonna get in specifically with you, because they connect with you. And when you find that person, and when they sincerely, in a heart, say thank you, and they run with this business, it is one of the most gratifying feelings you will ever have. Because the true definition of success is not just the money, the places that you you know if you want to travel, granted, you build a business and you do it, you success doesn't mean all of that. I found that, from gunkin, my mentor, that success is really measured based off of how many lives are better off because you've lived so what role do you play? I think whether you want to make $100 a month or more than that, you play the biggest role you can possibly even imagine, part of the team, because I don't think we can do it without you. So I want to tell you, you're called to duty. I want to say that you know, you know, you got started in biz with us to make some good money, cool, make however amount of much you want or how little you want. But congratulations, you're a part of a cause, and I'm glad to have you on board, you know. And as you build your business, and if you choose to join what I like to call the winner's circle, and that's the top percentage of part of the organization, I cannot wait to meet you, and I cannot wait to hear your story. God bless you, and I wish you the best of luck in your journey. And I want to let you know that you have unlimited access to help, because you're never alone in this. My team, Steph and I, we got your back. Love you. God bless you. Take care. Diamond abios, Nick and Stephanie, boom. I don't know about you, I'm pumped. I'm excited. I've been yelling this entire time from the moment I woke up all the way to Now, listen, I'm pumped. Let's get right to it, because we got a lot to have to cover, and it's an incredibly important topic. I hope you have your pen, your notepad, iPads, Apple pens, whatever it is that you take notes on, because you're going to come at you with a lot, a lot of information. I think it's one of the most important things or aspects that you need. That you need to have a need to know and need to understand to build your business. So for those who don't know us, Nick and Stefan Oki, we're from Jersey. New Jersey. Proud our line of sponsorship. Our founders, diamond companies, meet about Acharya upline to them are triple diamonds, Shivram and Angie Kumar, pravena, maldoche, contilottic, Allen. You already know we're part of the best, of the best LOA that you could possibly affiliated with worldwide, b, w, w, so with that being said, I'm gonna let Stephanie take it off from here. I'm very proud to know her as you know, as as my wife. I'm proud that she's my business partner. We've been married, yeah, the entire time we've been in business together. We love everything about this. We got started in this and we saw how unified all of the home team really is, and I'm proud to have you side by side with me and our home team. So anyway, give it up to Stephanie. Enough of me talking. Give it up. Clap your hands. I can hear you. I could feel you somehow, somewhere. I know my ears are hot. I'm hot. I'm already sweaty because I'm so pumped. Anyway, give it up for Stefan. Love you, baby. Right. Well, thank you, honey. All right. So Hi everyone. It's so hard for me to just be speaking from here like, I just want to like, see you and be able to feel you a little bit. But like Nick mentioned, I think the beautiful thing about what worldwide is doing and what our team has put together is the ability to feel people in a virtual world. And I just want to take a moment to thank everybody for making this function happen. It has been an amazing webinar. We've always fought to have front row seats at every event that's been put together by for worldwide. So to be able to actually have front row seats from the comfort of our homes, we're very grateful for that, for all the speakers to host, the BW WW staff are putting this together. We're just internally grateful the fact that we can grow and our teams can be growing simultaneously at an event like this is so powerful. And today, Nick and I are going to talk to you about a promotion and what it means to be able to promote your business, what it means to be able to promote within this specific type of business, with network marketing, with Amway, with briw. By how do you put it together? How can you promote? And you know, promotion is a very essential aspect to any business in the world, because it is the effective way that people can communicate what they have available so they can attract clients, associates and more business. I believe promotion is an art. You know, you have to master the art of promoting things so that you can grow your business. It is, for me, the key word there that it is an art is not a science. It is not a technique, and it's meant to attract, not manipulate. But the key is that it is, it is not something that you're manipulating people into believing in what you're doing. It's not a science. You have to have an art to it, you know? It is not. It's supposed to be authentic and very organic. When you're promoting something to a group of people, how you do it? You have to master their personalities. People still figure out how to speak to certain groups and etc. It needs to be extremely authentic. You know, I've seen people when they promote something, especially in this day and age of influencers, right? People who are influencing and they just turn you off because it's not authentic. It's, it's almost forced, you know, they start a conversation with you, like, Hey boss, Hey boss, babe, and thinking you're like, Ah, I don't even know you. You don't even know if I'm a boss, you know, or they put these rear posts where they're kind of trying to move their product or move something, and it just doesn't come off as authentic. You want it to be authentic. You want it to be organic. And I think you're the most effective at promoting things when you have an appreciation for that thing that you're promoting, right? If you have no connection to a product, a service, a meeting that you're speaking about, and it has no value for you and you don't appreciate it, then it's going to be very difficult to convey that, because promotion should overflow from you, you value it, therefore you share it. It's like a story, you know, something that you're excited about, and it should be simple. One of the things that I've noticed in my career in Amway is that the bigger you get sometimes, or the longer you're in this business, the more you want to complicate it. You know, the business is and will always be simple. It is about the basics, right? Sometimes you hear people you have to and yes, you have to master life. You have to master time management, you have to master your mindset, your discipline. But at the end of the day, what do we do in this business? We market product, we create a network, and that network also markets products, and the more products we move together as the network, the more we grow. You got to keep even your promotion, everything you say, as simple as possible, because when you complicate something that's meant to be simple, you're going to lose a lot of people. Promotion is not exaggeration. That is super key. Write that down. This is really important for people. I know sometimes we get so excited about whatever it is that we're talking about, whether it's a product or event or our upline or our leaders and, you know, but you can't exaggerate, you know, that just I've had people promote an event that Nick and I are hosting, or like a qualifier, and I almost didn't want to qualify myself, because I was going to meet the president of United States, you know. And it was just like, a lot like that was a lot of pressure, so you have to make sure you're not exaggerating. Another thing too, you don't always have to be emotional when you're promoting. Something. I know sometimes the most effective moments of edification or when you're talking about is when tears roll out your eyes and you can grab people's attention. But not everything has to be emotional for it to be effective promotion, right? Because sometimes you're forcing those tears again, you want to be authentic. One last thing about promotion, it is that it's very nonverbal. People think it's just the words that you're using, but I think the best way to promote something is by setting the proper example. So pay attention to what you are edifying what you are promoting by your example. As a new IBO and a veteran, your example can promote anything, right? One of the things that I emphasize to my team about promoting and kind of always edifying, is having good habits and proper practices, right? There's a new buzzword, or a new buzz phrase with Amway right now that's called verified customer sales. And people want to promote that. They want their team to get that PV upload. It. They want their team to get that extra money with CSI there. There's a lot of money on the table for having verified customer sales. Well, the only way to effectively promote it, or to that old IBO that's been on your team, is for you to do it. This business has always been a do, and then teach, do, and then promote, not promote, teach. And then, do you want to do it first? You know, when I promote to my customers or to my IBOs, I actually use my products. That's like a easy way I use my products so that I can show my clients, that I can show my IBOs. I do it in front of them. And here's the difference between good and bad promotion. Good promotion is you opening up a can of excess at the gym and drinking it. Or better yet, for me, I drink a lot of water when I'm working out. I open it, I drink it. People see it. Or at a Zoom meeting, I open one of my products. And, you know, I just quietly, you know, promote it that way. Bad promotion is opening the can of access. Yo, I am drinking excess right now. Get your vitamin B 12. And I know I'm being a little bit on the extreme end, but I've seen that. I've seen I've seen IPOs, who are so excited about their products that never it's just like in your face, like somebody walks into the door, their cousin walks in. It's like, oh my God, you have bags under your eye. I have the perfect supreme LX cream for you. That's just a big turn off, right? Just use your products and, you know, use it in front of people and talk about it. And that's how you're going to be able to attract people. That's a great way to promote and, more important, that's a great way to be able to set a good example. And this is not just in products and everything what you're doing, those habits, you know, really sets that tone for your team. You know, good practice is like communicating about the business properly online. You know, when you share your story, when you drop the message, getting good at these things so that you can be a good example. Another thing that I urge people to always promote is their daily habits. You know, I told my team I know if you're reading and if you're listening to audios based on the conversations that we have, because it comes out of you know, you also have to learn how to promote the journey the process. Right? We ask, can they handle the process to be able to become successful, to get results? So promote that people shouldn't be afraid of failing. In this business, the process was not designed to shelter new people from making mistakes. I love people who try, fail and learn. That is so important, because in entrepreneurship, you know, it is a roller coaster, so there's going to be low. So you got to promote that and talk about it. You know, Crystal curry and Andre curry can when you're around them, they talk about their losses and about failing, and they put that in the forefront, because then that prepares them for one of the last things that I want to talk about promoting, which is, promoting, which is growth. You cannot always talk about the bad. I know that new people love to hear about the struggles and how you overcame it. And so many people are drowning in cups of water, you know, tell me how horrible and how hard this business was, but you got to promote growth. And sometimes, if that promotion of growth is not within your team, point, there's so many places to point to different girls and talk about that, because people want to be excited. They're on this roller coaster of entrepreneurship. Well, they're looking forward to the UPS. And you got to paint that vision and always talk about that, but get good at it. You know, no matter what personality you are, if you are laid back like me or loud like my husband in the back. If you heard him a few times, both of us have to be effective at promoting things, fashion passionate. We both have to get effective at promoting and adding value to the things that this business provides. I'm going to give it off to him. He is the master of promoter because, like he mentioned, he is passionate. But what I love about him is that because he knows it in art, he knows how to make everybody in our team connect at whatever way they need to with whatever he is talking about so they can get to the next level. We always joke all of our leaders. We talk about Nick behind his back in a good way, and we talk about how Nick always says division, because that ability of him, giving us that vision, allows all of us to fall in line and do what we have to do. So with that, here's Nick No spectacular if she killed it crazy. So anyway, listen, um, I'm gonna go come at you guys again. Rapid fire, got a couple minutes here with you guys. Um, listen, when you're running any business, it doesn't matter if it's Amway or anything, but specifically here with the Amway business, you have to understand that you're you're working and coach, you're working with, you're coaching and you're leading people. Now, since you're the coach and the leader, you're gonna have to learn how to bring out the best in every single one of them. And then you're gonna have two different networks, right? You're gonna have networks of clients and customers. You're also gonna have a network of independent business owners who are people in your downline that you're going to be leading. Now, when you have to get good at at some point, maybe, if you're a brand new maybe not so much. You really, really have to start stepping the game up. A little bit beyond that is you're going to have to learn how to create the type of environment that people can be the most productive and they can be. Get the most results. So you need people to feel happy. You need them to feel respected, loved, motivated, and the morale of your organization is gonna have to be high. It doesn't matter if you're leading a team of three people, 10 people, 100 people, etc. Now I think one of the aspects of creating that type of environment is learning the art of promotion. Now what are you going to promote? Okay, I there's lots of things you can promote. I'm just going to specifically for time sakes. I'm gonna talk about five things. One is Amway. Two is worldwide. Three are your upline. Four is growth, and five are qualifiers or promotions, not not any particular order. I'm not gonna go through any of these in any particular order, but let's specifically talk about the Amway business. Okay, actually, let's start overall in all of them. Now, when you when you think about all five of those, the first thing is, you're going to have to make sure that you value them and you're using them yourself correct, like you. If you don't know about Amway, if you don't know about worldwide, if you really don't understand you're upline, if you don't point is, you're going to have to yourself be knowledgeable. And also, secondly is you're going to have to also value it, so that you can speak from position of authority. You can be speaking with passion, conviction, as opposed to just like, you know, there's a get together happening next week for people who are in data, yada yada, or whatever might be the case. So that's one. And number two, you have to be aware of what's available and what's going on. So you're gonna have to be connected, okay, so that you know and you can be up to date as to what's possible and what's available out there. Like we're in the information age. So if you're literally, we're in we're an age where, if you're 30 minutes an hour, three hours, especially a day, two days a week later, late, you could be missing miss opportunities that you could have used to be able to build your business. So number one is really, really get connected to all five of those as much as you possibly can. Well, I guess you could really get connected to three of them. One is the Amway business. So three to two is worldwide, and three is your upline. Now let's talk about Amway. When it comes down to the art of promoting Amway, one, you're gonna have to be knowledgeable yourself. So I would recommend studying the products. Use the products. Be a product of the products, because I found that it's a lot easier to promote and market the products if you yourself use them. I could speak to you guys about how amazing the pre workout is. I could speak to you about how amazing CBD is. I can speak to you about how amazing eSpring is, because I use it and I'm passionate about it because I rock it. So I can sell a product easily to a client and customer, not just because I'm knowledgeable at the product, but because I use it and I can get again I can speak from position of authority. So when it comes down to Amway, study up and connect worldwide. I recommend, when it comes down to promoting worldwide, there's nothing like being a product of worldwide, if you know what I'm talking about. So worldwide is obviously designed to build up your mindset, your skill set, your heart, whatever it is that you need on on an intangible basis, to build the Amway business. Now, if you are reading books that worldwide recommends, if you're watching the worldwide TV videos, if you're on BSM Pro and let's say that you listen to a talk every single day, or multiple talks every single day. It does change you over a period of time. Now write this down, people get in the business because they like you. Second, people stay in the business because they want to be like you. Now if you're speaking words of wisdom, if you're adding equity to people's lives, if you're value adding value to people's lives, do you understand that people are like, wow, this person is speaking differently. They speak a lot different than my friends, my relatives, my neighbors. What it might be case not to say that those are bad people, but you're adding a lot of value, and your mindset is more positive, and people get attracted to that, and that's going to build a following. Now, the other reason why you also want to change and and be and consume worldwide products like talks, BW, TV, the books and even the associations and conferences, is so that you can almost be like a business doctor to your people. And let me explain that. It's an interesting terminology, and understand that. So just bear with me. There are times where talks, I know what talk to give to who and when I know that there's this guy who might be a teacher who is super intelligent, whatever might be the case, and he's a professor for college or whatever, and I know what talk to give him, to relate to him, to connect to him, because again, we're building a type of environment we got to connect to people's Hearts and connect and relate as much as possible. I can only do so much myself. Yes, I got started business at 1920 Yes, I'm 30 years old and building a business for the past decade now, but I can only do so much to connect with somebody. If someone is a research scientist, if someone is a lawyer, again, I have enough people skills to relate, but I can only go so far, so I know what talk to give them, so that they can start listening and they can start connecting with worldwide even more, I might give them a Paul Miller. I might get for if they're a lawyer. I might give them an angel ardoni talk. I might give them a contigala talk if they're a research scientist. But you can't necessarily do that if you have. Listen to the talks yourself. So I early on in my business, I realized that, and I went crazy. I listened to as many talks there possibly can. And now, when I can connect and as I'm giving them the talk, it's not about just say, hey, I want you to listen to this talk. Because I've listened to it. I've internalized it. I give it to them, and I can give it to them with some form of passion, because it didn't change my life. And I look at them, I say, Listen, you need to hear this. And I promise you, you'd never, ever think the same again. So that's second, third. Let's talk about qualifiers now. You know Amway. Amway releases some, some qualifiers like, I think recently, or I think right now, it might be going on, buy five, get one, free excess. Or they might have, like, a special bundle pack that if you have three, four or five certain products in bundle, you might get an extra bag or something of that nature. Amway has promotions. Same thing, also with your organization, your team, sometimes your upline has certain things called qualifiers. What qualifiers are designed to do is, if you do X, Y and Z, and you perform at a certain level, we can hang out and, I mean, I don't know who wouldn't want to try to hang out with a great Association like we have here, who wouldn't want to go to top golf, you know, with with your coaches and your mentors and all the positive people around here. I honestly, in the beginning days, I crave that, and I even crave that to this day. So like, example, a qualifier that we had was a couple years ago, and actually just recently, is a get together at my upline founders, diamonds house, conquests, I mean, about Acharya, you know, get together like that, to go over to the house so that they can have a whole spread of food, and to hang out with people like conquest, Amina, to associate with them. And they've changed so many lives, and they've created some amazing results building the business. Why wouldn't you want to be around those type of people? Right? So that's the Third. Fourth is your upline. Okay, you can only go so far. Cooking already spoke about this yesterday, but you can only do and you can only say so much when building your business, okay, your prospects, your downline knows your upline only so much. If anything, they're more of a stranger. It's up to you to market them correctly, and the only way that you can is if you open up your heart and you can associate and also get to know them as well. So yes, you have an upline, it's your job to create that bridge between your upline and your downline. And fifth most importantly is growth. Write this down people learn and duplicate 20% of what you teach, 30% of what you do, but they learn and duplicate 50% of what you edify and what you promote. And we understand that to point to growth and to have growth and to experience growth is something that's essential in the art of promoting so that your people can duplicate proper habits. I'm gonna have Stephanie go here real quick, this beautiful, amazing young woman. And I want to honestly say the last thing I personally want to promote is I want to promote you, you know, because a lot of the times it's very easy not to value ourselves. You know, we began this journey in business, all excited. You went through a process. You got launched a business, and you do get hit with some form of rejection, some form of doubt, fears, situations pop up business situation pop up in life. And even those of us who've been in business with us for quite some time, life is going to hit you. Bill Britt, the legend himself, said that life is complicated, but this business is always going to be simple. And I think it's critical, critical, critical that we understand and we could promote Amway worldwide, that person's growth, this person's growth. How amazing the country is, how amazing our God is. How amazing is this? How amazing that it's so easy to promote everything else. There are times Listen to me. Please listen to me. When you wake up in the morning, the first person and the first thing you need to promote is yourself. You look in a mirror and remind yourself how great and how amazing you are. Again, it's easy to take ourselves for granted. It's easy to look at us and see all the imperfections of ourselves. Trust me, Steph and I are speaking from personal experience, but please, let this be a reminder of there are no coincidences. We met for a specific reason. You met the worldwide team for a specific reason. You were destined for greatness, and that's the reason why we met. Finish what you started. Because, by God, this, by far, is the best thing you could possibly do with your life when it comes out to the finances, but most importantly, when it comes down to legacy and impacting people all around the world. We love you so much. God bless each and every one of you. Let's make this happen. We'll see you in a little bit. Boom. You. 

