Bring to the stage. Phil and Luna Lee, got you. Take a seat. Take a seat. I love you too, not more than Luna, but I love you too good to see everybody. How's everybody doing? First time, stand up. First time. First time. First time. Anybody first time. Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life. This is amazing. I want to let you know you really survived all the challenges to be here tonight. Years from now, this is going to be your second birthday. I'm telling you this day your dream was born. It's the same way that happened for me and Luna, but we're excited to see you. Welcome to spring leadership, 2024 this is so special for us. This is my first function. 2013 2013 spring leadership, Santa Clara, our first function. But by the way, we have Phil Lee and Luna Wu not Li. I've given her everything except the last name, probably some time, and not everything yet, until it become a legacy, right? A legacy, I like. She's doing the spoken word. I'm doing the submission, I guess all the way everything women said is right. But anyway, Phil and Luna, we are. We got we got started. We're college student. Was 20. She was 19. We found each other in this business six years after we got started. She was in Canada, Toronto. We were sponsoring into this by the incredible live sponsorship of incredible couple that introduced us into this when we were on campus, Vu and Q Ambrose going diamond in a hurry. We were just that college student walked into this lost kid. Didn't know anything, no English, third world country just came in was very, very skeptical and ignorant, and that seed from Kenny Nene, upline emerald all the way to Manhattan, all of these guys, Mahasi, EDC, Ali and Maka and Suge and Cal George money were 100% grateful, unlimited gratitude, for this incredible live sponsorship. But you know, when we go, when we walk into this, about the years ago, years ago, when we walked into this, we were fired up. How many of you guys were fired up? You I see you guys fired up. See I was, I'm telling you, I was pumped by the excitement, the atmosphere, the crazy movement, the buzz of the environment, my friends, my it friend, wasn't happy. I look at everybody here, you guys excited, you know, my it friend, when I'm saying, Hey, how are you doing, they look at me in the eyes and say, You doing okay. How you doing fine. People out there need a reason to be happy now. They don't need a reason to be depressed. They need a reason to be happy. So we were falling in love with this environment. We walked in, we saw everybody was pumping and cheerful. And they talk about the future. They talk about the vision. And I remember my first function. I was all the way in the back, and I couldn't hear understand anything, because I was two months in the country. We're very new in this country. So I was wet. I going all the way here. Just listened loud and clear. And I remember I saw this one gentleman, one couple walking on the stage by the name of Ali and Maka ghashan. Man, what's going on? There's like a bunch of other Vietnamese are following this one. He's one couple from Somalia. So we were this what was going on, and we have seen enough. Will love everything. Man, all the big dogs are coming out, and we are really impressed by the value they stood for. They talking about freedom, and I love it. I'm saying, See, I want to learn how to build a business. They do. How many people want to learn how to build a business the way they did? Oh yeah. So I was pumped. I was okay. Let's see what this couple has to say, forgot 30 minutes they talk, nothing about the opportunity, except one thing he said, everything about this business is to build belief, all of that big things to unseen, control the scene. How about that? What is that he talked about? You know, your outside words. It's the reflection of your inner word. All of that you are driven by the your dominant thought, all kind of big thing, fake it to you making, I'm like, I'm not here for those voodoo thing. I want to learn how to build a business. But little did we know how we went silver so quickly, how we went platinum fast, our emerald ship. That lady by the name of Jessica, she was taking a break from the business for two, three years, and she came back, and we hit the Emerald that year. And for all of that, there's no logical sense I could be able to explain that. There's a lot of thing that it started with your was your strong your unbelievable fate, your belief. And I. Want to let Luna kick start her, because she's amazing belief builder. So I want to give it back to our diamond bride, Luna. All right, good evening, Santa Clara, it's good to see you all you know back in California again. And I think he talked a little bit about the first timer. You know, I see some of the first timer here. You guys know what is in common between all the first timer and the rest is belief. What do I mean by that? The first timer come here because they found new belief. The people who come back because they need to renew their belief, right? So to elaborate on that, you know, I have a story to tell. I think you guys all love stories. So there is a king and his friend, his best friend. Just call him Max, you know, just call him Max King and Max, I'm sorry, Whoever named Max in here, okay, but there's Max is an optimist, but the king is the opposite, you know, so pessimist, right? Perfect, perfect friend. You know, that's why they hang around with each other. And whenever, you know, adversity comes into Max life, the response would always be, oh, there's a good reason behind it. There's a good reason that I'm going through it, right? So there was one time the king and Max, you know, going out and hunt in the forest, and then the king unfortunately lost his finger, right? Don't, don't focus on that. That's not the main part of the story. But you know when he was like crying and mourning and, you know, and very angry, you know, because he's in pain. You know what Max said to him. There's a good reason behind it. You know, you, you, you will find it eventually. And then the king got so mad, he locked Max in a cell, right? And then a month after, when the the wound is healed. Now, the king actually got back to hunt again, but this time, unfortunately, you know, the king got kidnapped, got caught by a cannibal truck, right? Scary. But when he when he was like in fearful mode. At that time, he walking, he not walking. He had actually been held hostage. The cannibal, actually, the cannibal tried, actually released him because they have one law, one very weird law. They said, I don't eat anybody. That is not a hope, right? Because the king lost one finger, right? And then the king just got mind blow at that time, realized that Mac was right the whole time. There is no good reason behind it, but the story doesn't end there, right? So he came back, you know, go into the cell, and said sorry to max. Tell Mac those the story. And he expect that Max is gonna go full blown, you know, on him, right? But then mass acts very normal, not upset, very happy, you know, on the other hand. And he was so curious, you know, the king was so curious as to, how can you be able to be so happy when I lock you in a cell for very emotional reason, right? And then Max said, there's a good reason behind it. And do you know what's the good reason that Matt said this time, Max said, if that time you didn't lock me into the cell, I would have gone hunting with you, and I would be eaten alive. What so good story, right? So what is the moral of this story? You know? What is max trying to say? Don't ever negotiate or compromise your belief. Why? Because we, each and every single one of us, sitting there or in the backstage or up here, we are the result of 1000 nos, 1000 conversation, 1000 message of somebody who keep going out there to renew their belief, just so that they can find you and give you more of a new belief. Isn't it, right? But Luna, isn't that like crazy for you just believe in something that is not even in, you know, in front of you is something that's unseen. No people call us blind believers, but we actually committed entrepreneurs, right? And because, because I am one of the live example of that blind belief. Why? Because, back in the day, you know, he already said that I used to be in Toronto, and I used to be a party girl. Also, I like to party. I love to party. And when my first, you know, appointment, my first phone call with my sponsor, you know, for some whatever, the reason is, maybe bilbert called out to me from heaven. I don't know. I walked out that party, listening to my sponsor for a whole hour without understanding anything, not a single word, right? But still moving on to the next appointment in person, you guys know Toronto, right? Always knowing so I'm very lazy when I have to go under the snow, especially when I have to take a. Hour and 30 minutes bus just to go meet my sponsor, but I steal it, and that's why I'm here. So you tell me if that's worth it or not. And also, because of that story, I started off the business. First three months in the business, I did 100 appointments, no result, though, nobody launched, but because of the story how I remember my upline or my sponsor relentlessly keep going out there and pursue their belief. That's why, in my second year, I got four new organization, two out of them upcoming, Q, 12, BBI, T 30. So you tell me if that's blind or that's crazy, right? And honestly, there is an audio that I always listen to whenever I got into my downtime. BW, 2463, from belief to performance by Kanti. Amazing. Why? Because, when you're in your downtime, when you are negative, your head becomes a room full of people talking, but no one listen. No one listen to each other. So the only person you should listen at that time is kanthi, right? So before I leave you back to Phil, I have this one philosophy that I always keep that in the back of my mind, aptitude. Aptitude gets you in your growth time, but attitude grows you out of your downtime. So with that, you know this is, you know, the love of my life, the man of my life, the one who I'm very willing to build legacy with. Phil Lee, Oh, awesome man. Thank you, Bill Britt for calling her out. Awesome. All right, I'll have a few minutes left. I want to tell you a few stories. Okay, so, so believe that was what she was talking about, I was new. I was out there showing the plan. How many people showing the plan? I was 100 PV. I was going out there. I like to talk to people, sit them down, lots of appointments. And there's a few people that you never want to sit down again, right? So I met this guy. His name is Joe. Apologize to whoever Joe here, but I was sitting down with his Joe guys. And you know, there's any question that they like to ask, except this, how much money do you make? And then that's when you what do you do? You talk about your mentor. So I talk about mentor, but by the way, how much do you make a month? He's getting back? See, I wasn't, I wasn't a big fan of Disney, but I was frozen. I didn't it was 100 PV. I was just 100 PV, and you know, I was shaking. I didn't know what to say. I went back. I talked to my apple. I say, I believe in Platinum ship. I believe in everything. But how come? I was not confident. So, he said, he asked me to say, hey, you know what? What toothpaste you use at home? That was in klistar. What do you use? What do you see in your phone screen every day? That wasn't your goal. So I started going back and realized that there's a two opposite belief, two forces fighting, because I'm saying platinum, but I'm not thinking about it every day. I'm not seeing it every day. And so I go back. I started change my monthly goal. I take my upline Kuto check. I put in my name, I put in my deadline. Later I was a new Platinum. That's not a story starting from then I went out. I started noticing one thing, not every single person ever ask that question again? How much money do you make? See, my mom stopped asking, there's that thing work. You scared of everything. See, they stopped asking that. I was like, how do they know? Because I'm where the same shirt, same pants are looking, the same saying, the same thing. How the heck do they not know? How do I do they know how much I make in my bank account? Then that's when I realizing that the best thing you can wear is your confidence. It's your belief that's it's something that gives you unlimited energy to go out there when you're sitting down with people, it's the fight between your belief and their doubt. The stronger one is gonna win, the stronger one is gonna win, and the one that's dominant in your mind, your mind, your thought, is the one at your feet. And we're feeding our belief every day. So that's Story number one. Now I'm running out of time. Story number two, and so a lot of people was asking, but is that blind belief for you? As a blind belief for us? It's unshakable belief, because I don't think Steve Jobs would, because I don't think Steve Jobs would ever get removed from Apple and he has a backup plan. See, nobody has a strong belief and has a backup plan. If you're a believe in something 99% of the time, then you don't believe in it. I. I don't think it. Michael Jordan got kicked out from the basketball team. Whatever he has another deal. Basketball has his own thing, his own deal. This is our one thing. It's our everything. We're not looking at any other thing. This is our number one, central part of our life. So I tell you a different story when we're going out there, I remember I lost a team coming back from 1500 PV down to about 600 so I was so down, and I don't know, and you after all the CD, the material, the book, the function, you were on fire, but it just when you're losing people, you don't think, right? And so that's was really when the test belief is all about right? What's separate the winner and the quitter is the quitting time. And I was, I was so ready to quit, you know, I'm, I'm going to one of the relative parties. And I met this young, sharp couple, good looking, and right there they call me in the corner. They say, you shop kids, sit down. Let me talk to you about a different company. There's a different company. There's a different opportunity. You know, this Amway thing will not make you a lot of money and all of that, but you can't deny it, because you don't have anything to deny. I think they're part of it is they're right. You know, that night I went back and I was teary. I was very frustrated, because you don't have something to defend for your dream, you didn't have the result because Ali said, you have to see it before you see it. But I'm not seeing it now. You know, where is it? And so I remember, you know, in the threshold between, should you move forward? Should you quit? You move forward. And I remember this. You have to remember this, when you can't cut the tree, you don't go to a different tree, you go to sharpen your ax. You You don't quit the Amway business. You quit unsuccessful principle. It's the character. It's how you keep pursuing you, following through until you get to the finish line. That's what matters. And later, we hit emerald, and we went back to that party. And the good thing now is you're seeing the couple again, and the best thing ever, it's now you're walking with pride. You just start looking up and you're smiling, and say, How you doing, how you doing? They say, are you still doing that thing? What do you think I'm going to say, heck yes, we're doing that still. And we're going, diamond. We're excited, and we're going, that. How about you? How you doing? Yeah, I think that was a good opportunity, but we're no longer around. Are we doing different kind of deal, different kind of stuff? See guys, you have to keep that belief so strong, because no one, no one knows what your vision you have to protect your dream that's unshakable. Would never really negotiate or compromise our belief in your and our faith. No one would understand what you're chasing after except yourself. You have to believe in yourself, and the sweetest revenge is your success. You have to have to let it speak for yourself. So you know. And when a lot of people was wondering like, when, when you how come I believe so much, but I don't see the result, because you have an act on your belief. You have to going out there and start showing the plan and when we and only because the chicken, the ego, don't hang around with the chicken. So if you get strong, that's the only time you're going out there and you start trapping the Eagles. We have a couple by the name of Wesley Leah. See the handshake? The handshake is so firm, so it's gonna scare the chicken out of you. If you're not strong, you're not gonna be able to handle them. We have another couple, super sharp going coming up, new Admiral, Miss San Lucas. They're firing up. They're strong, sharp, firing up. And you know, we have this guy by the name of, look, he's breaking three new Q 12. Three new qtoe, getting 100 people. We have a lot of auto shop people coming up, and we're ready to take over and get it this thing kicking butt and but we need you guys to step up and do this with us. Seriously. We need, we need each and every one of you guys to do this, to raise your belief, to build yourself up, to go out there and take this thing over. We're just getting started. We have a goal to fill up West Coast 1000 people, and we won't be able to do that without each and every single one of you. So we're just warming up. We have a lot of big dogs coming up, but guys, make this weekend work for you. We'll love you. We'll believe in you, and we can't wait to see you guys at the top. So we love you guys. God bless. Enjoy the function. This is Babu and Anu from Phoenix, Arizona. And I was talking to lot of people, and they said, Babu, we heard your last talk, and we we were crying, so I'll try to make you laugh this time. Is it okay? So I just, you know, we are in this room. I just remember my first Open Meeting was just right across this hotel, double re hotel, and it's just a few short years back, and I'm here talking to you guys. Okay, so my story, my topic, is something, but I want to take. About my topic with my story, right? So I started as a student, just graduating, ready to graduate. I never, I think summertime, I was single. I never want to do any internship in my life, right? Because summertime in Arizona is known for some fun stuff. If you are from, anybody from ASU here? Anybody? Yeah, you don't leave ASU in summertime. There is known, if you know what I'm talking about, it is known for fun. I was planning all my fun. You know, time of year life is going to be happening summer, and I'm sleeping. And I got a call from my my apartment manager. He said, You got a fax here? I said, What the heck fax? You know, I never saw fax in my life. Are you ramalingeswara, Babu mangipa? They said, Yeah, that is your name, right? We have a fax here. And I just went there and I saw, Hey, you are appointed as intern in San Jose, California. I'm like, I didn't even apply. Who the heck is somebody sent me? Somebody sent me. You know, think about it, that's exciting. God's plan. And I was like, trolling my roommates. There's no way I'm doing this internship, because I can always find a job, but somewhere in ASU, I don't want to miss it because I had some other plans. I cannot talk about it because I'm married now, you know I'm talking about and then guess what happened? But my roommates convinced me, you got to be this and that. And then I started, OK, I'll go and before coming to us, me and my roommate, we were so broke we couldn't even afford a 500 rupees suitcase, so we bought a cheap suitcase from a place called charmar in Hyderabad, if you don't know where it is, and the guy put a marketing advertisement for only 300 rupees a suitcase. I'm like, we went there. You know, the guy said that is only for marketing. And actually, we don't sell those suitcases. They're actually 1000 rupees. I said, we don't care what it is, we just want to go to America. Just put some box. So they gave a box. And guess what happened? The Suitcase became into pieces when we came here. So now all of a sudden, we have to come to San Jose for conference, right? Not conference in San Jose for the internship, and I didn't have a suitcase, so, and I got this $10,000 internship, and I was willing to buy a suitcase, but I had a budget for 100 rupees, $100 and I couldn't find a single suitcase. And I was coming home, and I heard it, and there was a talk in campuses. This one couple, they are very successful. They're doing something on the side. And how many of you entrepreneurs here like you are looking like you know you're looking yes or no. And the night before, I was praying to God. God showed me something. I want to go back to India, because I came here for make money, go back. And I heard about them, but I never saw them. I just heard the talk and but they promoted this guy, promoted about that couple, so much I wanted to I was excited to meet them. So I was coming home, I couldn't find the luggage. I was coming home, I saw this guy walking into a nice car. He said, Hey, you want to come with me? I'm going in this Toyota Avalon. If you don't know if you're a student, you never drove a car in your life. Toyota Avalon was a decent car like, Man, I get to drive in. I get to sit in the car. Yeah, garden. Went to this couple's house. Nobody approached me. Nobody showed the plan. I was sitting there, and the couple was signing him up as new IBO. I had no clue and but this couple are going to India next day morning. So they had a legacy set from the business. I was sitting there, man, there's a five piece set right there. How much is it? He said, It's $105 if you're an IBO, it's 90 bucks. I said, I don't care what IBO is it. Pull the check. I wonder, like I said, they said, You cannot get it right now, but you're going to San Jose. You got to meet this couple, shaju and Ramya. Shaju and Ramya drive a nice car, and he's in 20s. He was just like you, and he's very successful. First of all, I'm coming from Hyderabad. The shaju name sounded like somebody from, and I don't want anything against his name. I never heard that name. I thought he may be a gang leader or somebody, because nobody in 20s are successful. I never met anybody in successful in 20s, right? And I thought maybe this guy is somebody from from Chardonnay area or something like that. I didn't know he's he's from different state of India, and I was little bit suspicious. But, you know, he's successful, right? Yes and no promotion. See how, guess what, I landed. Shaju called me. Hey, Bob, how are you doing? Good? Hey, we're actually getting together on Tuesday. Do you want to come? I'm like, I'm looking for an apartment. I didn't have anything and sleeping in a hotel somewhere. He said, Don't worry. Come on Friday to my home. There's a guy called Alan will come and pick you up. Okay? I. I don't know. I'm so young, so naive, because I never heard Alan's name in India. The only names I know is Ram Shriram, Jairam Hanuman, but no Alan. How many of you know what I'm saying, right? And you know? How many of you know we come from India? The Indian Standard Time is like 15 to 30 minutes in delay. But one thing shaju told me is very exciting. He said, You come, if you have any friends, bring it with you, right? And make sure before you come, you eat and let Alan pay. I said, Wow, that is exciting, right? For a broke student, somebody's willing to pay a dinner. I was super excited. I asked my friend say, Do you want to come? Somebody's paying for dinner? One guy said, Yeah, I will come. And we got in the car, and Alan said, Where do you want to eat? We talk same language. Alan doesn't speak by the way. Alan showed up at five. He said he was going to pick me up five o'clock. He showed up at five o'clock sharp, five. You don't know the Alan that Alan that you know today, the Alan that I know, is different. Okay, it's a different Alan. Okay. He's like, so punctual, so discipline. I never met anybody. In fact, I used to be so scared of Alan initially, because of like, he said, Speak loud. What did he say? I used to go to shaju and complain this. Allan is so strict. I cannot do this, right? But anyhow, he showed up at five o'clock. I'm like, what five o'clock is here? And he said, yeah, nice, white shirt, and I'm in a jeans and shirt. And I talked to my friend, hey, this guy want to pay for dinner? He said, poor guy, let's go to Burger King. And went to Burger King. We got $1 Whopper. We said, We don't want to bake him bankrupt. We didn't know how rich Alan was, we thought. And we didn't order french fries. Think about $1 Burger King. Got an emerald, founders emerald. That's a very good investment for Alan. Yes or no. And Alan was, I never saw the plan. Alan was talking to my friend, roommate, about this opportunity. I was like, oh my god, I signed up into something. I didn't even know what it is. You know, somewhat excited. He's asking, What will you do if you have choices in life? I'm like, pick me. Pick me. He's not asking me. He's asking that guy, then he's asking other guy. Why don't you ask me? I want he's like, Nope, you're right. He's a prospect. I'm going to show the plan to him. I'm like, How come nobody showed the plan? Nobody talked about opportunity, right? And I'm super excited, like, first time in my life I got an opportunity without even knowing I'm super fired up and my the other guy like, I'll think about it. Okay, you keep thinking, I don't care about it. I'm in. I sold out. I still remember you pulling the car and doing the plan. But guess what, as soon as I walked into the room, it was shaju and Ramya apartment. You know, that's why, guys, it's very important, whom are you promoting? What are you promoting, right? And before even shaju spoke a word, I'm already sold out, because there's so much promotion about shaju and Ramya. And when I saw the shaju, he showed his picture, he has earrings, and how he was as a student. I don't want to be egoistic, but this is what I thought, if you can go, I think Shaw was suffer. Watch me, because this guy, without any experience, nothing. If he can do sapphire joke, I'm gonna beat him up. I didn't know today, he's my inventor. I very respect him at that moment. That's why they say you always sponsor people with your self image, and I bow right at that moment. I didn't say, Wow, I can never be like that. I said, Wow, if we can do this. Watch the game hasn't even started. Bao is not in the business yet, right? But hope you find people like that. I'm praying to God I find people like that, and somebody you don't need to be that egoistic, but you shouldn't have enough self have enough self image to challenge yourself, right? Then guess what? And you know my stories, then I used to go connecting with people. And my amazing plane, Sharia and Samira, they are in this room. He used to take me. Take me with that everything these three people in my life, in the first three months, right? They taught me the art of how to build this business, right? How do you build this business in every city? Let me show you how it used to work. Sharia used to take me for connecting. He said, If you make your first connection, you don't need to get the number. Just say hi to people. I'll take you for dinner. I'm like, you know, for a single guy, dinner is a big deal, right? I said, hi. I said, hi. You got one come and Sharia told me one thing that day changed my life. He said, talk to many, big few. Talk to. Many, big, few. I always tell people what Sharia taught me is life changing, right? And guess what? Every time I talk to Sharia, Sharia says that's a good thought, let's go and talk to Alan and shaju. And whenever I had a conflict with Alan, I said, You know what? Let's go to shaju. You know what I learned how to edify a plane. They didn't say, Oh, let me tell you. What is my opinion. Let me tell you, because they probably know. I had no clue. I thought Alan has already found a Triple Diamond that time. I had no clue, because the way he was talking, the way he was like his posture, I thought he's probably is like, I have. I had no clue is PV, even today, I don't know his PV, but I'm just saying that movement is already there, right? But guess what? Anytime they didn't say, you apply, you promote your apply. Guess what? They did. Their actions told me what I need to do. Anything they had asked the question, let's go talk to I had this concern about, Hey, can I build this business? Let's go talk to shajun Ramya. And if I had any situation, Alan said, Let's go talk to shajun Ramya. So what I'm talking about my first conference, my first conference, you know, when the pace meeting, they never see that we are in a marketing business. Marketing is all about promotion. You promote authenticity and promotion, right? Your actions are way speak louder than your words. You can keep telling people, buy Double X, buy Double X, buy double x, but there's no there's no authenticity in it, because you yourself is not really doing what you're supposed what you're teaching. Yes or no. So they never told me that you got to listen to BSM and all. They only talked about that week's BSM. And I was so curious to know what they are talking about. This gentleman, Marshall Johnson, how? How many of you know there's coming speak? Who is this? Marshall Johnson, I want to listen to the CD, right? You know, they talked about Kantian, Latha Gala. I remember, you know, Suge and Kajal has money, right? And I don't know, you know that time. What I mean is, every time I went to the pace meeting, they talked about that week's BSM, even though I was on BSM, I never used to listen to it, you know? What I mean, like, you know, you're into Bollywood songs, you know, right? Chaya Chaya, Chaya chaya. You see that? So I used to do Chaya chaya. And then the Chaya Chaya become, you know, BSM, because they were promoting it. You got to listen to this. The only talk they were talking among them is about the audio CD. They were not talking about a football game or IPL game. They were talking about the latest audio CD, and they were fighting for it. I'm like, What the heck? Who fights for an audio Guess what? That's when made me curious to know what is in that city, right? In the best way, a lot of us, we are, we are very promoting. We are become very casual promoter. We should be on BSM. Give me a reason why somebody should be on a BSM? Why you tell me forget about them, even if it is free. Why should somebody be on BSM? Can you put a value on what is on it? See, we live in a world. We're looking for bunch of perfect people as if, like, everybody's perfect. There's no perfect people on this planet who's so when we are promoting sometime, our ego is what stops promoting it, because we are looking for perfection. How can I promote shajun Ramya? Look at him. That's just this. But it takes right a leader to see good in other people. Everybody in this room have so much good. Every leader on this PW has so much good in them, but since we are in a business of perfection, we start looking for perfection others. We start undervaluing these people. When was the last time you met somebody that even you know talk to you nicely nowadays? Never, right? So let's talk about conference. My first conference, they were talking about this place called Palm Springs, California. I don't know about you, right? I don't know about you, right? For me, I was single. I listened to Kumar, Siri Kumar said, I found my wife in the business that's excited, motivated. For me, I listened to this audio. But you know, they were talking about this Palm Springs. This couple are coming who are impacted more people, you know what? They never lied. He said there are two types of promotions. One is coming from your heart. One is coming from your lips. Right when it comes from your heart, people sense it when it's only coming from. Your lips. People sense it. If you're struggling and promoting something, check your heart. Check your heart. Anything, products and nice products. No, you know my I tell you they for me. Products are very simple, because I was four or five years back. My a 1c was 8.4 I was on a diabetic pill and blood pressure pill today, my a 1c is 5.0 okay, I don't, I don't guarantee that it will happen to you. But I use ambient products. I use lot of other things, but lot of other techniques, but I use Hamlet products. That's what I said. This is, this is what it is. Because coming from my heart, I cannot guarantee the results, but what I did, I can tell you, Yes or No, I cannot guarantee what I haven't done. So this conference, they are promoting you are going in a bus. I never went in a bus in America, only in India, city bus. You know Hyderabad. How many people from Hyderabad? For us, the bus is one foot like that. Said, we never actually inside the bus. We are only hanging in the bus, right? It's the first time they said, you get a full seat in a bus. I said, Wow, you got to play tennis. You gonna play that? You gonna have a conference. You can have this fun, this very successful individuals. They didn't say they're going to walk on the water. They're making millions of dollars. Those are fake promotions. What they said this couple, what Shah Narendra said, They promoted the impact, not just the results that they got. Guess what? I wanted to go meet guys. When you promote an event. You promote people. If you tell people go to California, nobody will go to California. But you promote the people. But you can only promote the people if your heart is clean. When you take away your egos, when you take away your past, all this junk from your mind, let go. Let go. Kanti says, Wow, let it go. That's what Gandhi gave me best advice. Let it go, because the poison inside you is way more dangerous than the poison outside. Can you let go of your poison? He said, Yeah, kanthy, you are my mentor. You say, What? I'll jump from this stage. I'll jump, but not from the building, from this stage. I'm okay, so once we let that go. Heartfelt promotion. Oh. How exciting. How awesome. This con, this conference. Just look at this room. When was the last time we had this many people sitting and talking about positivity, life changing? A great products, great opportunity, if people from every background in this room with one vision, one cause, never, I never saw that. Cleanse your heart, then promote from your heart. And that's what happened. I went to this conference. Guess what? I packed my tennis pack that, and this, Alan was laughing. Where the heck you taking all this? And I went there, and I felt so excited, life changed. I don't even know how many years back. Hope you are promoting your business, promoting your people. But more than that, you know we love you guys. We'll see you at Family Radio. You. 

